feat(core/chip+pill): add property to display ix-tooltip with customizable text (#1697)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/controls/_pill_styleguide.md

- **Icon**: Pills can include a close icon within the element which is positioned before the pill label.
- **Outline**: Use for lower visual emphasis.
- **Width**: Pill width can be set to a specific value, but content length normally determines pill width with a minimum width of '2rem'.

> - **Tooltip text**: The default behavior shows the pill text content as a tooltip. If specified, it shows the defined text as a tooltip. If set to "none", no tooltip is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tooltip text**: The default behavior displays the pill's text content as a tooltip. If a specific text is provided, it will be shown as the tooltip instead. If set to 'none', no tooltip will be displayed.
```
